docs: add doc for docker-run.sh environment variables (#225)
intel-retail/automated-self-checkout: docs_src/environment_variables.md

> When running docker-run.sh script, we support environment variables as input for container. Here is a list of environment variables and how you may apply it to docker-run.sh script as input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running docker-run.sh script, we support environment variables as input for containers. Here is a list of environment variables and how you can apply it to docker-run.sh script as input
```

> 

Reviewer 2: this is duplicated messages as in pipelinerun.md please remove it

Author: This is a description to environment variables, I know that I duplicated messages, but I think it is helpful when user just open this file and to understand what it is.

Reviewer 2: please re-phrase it to reduce the duplicate messages if you feel compelling to have one

> | Environment Variable   | Purpose                                                                 |

Reviewer 2: there are still some missing:  please also add `PIPELINE_PROFILE`, `STREAM_DENSITY_FPS`, and `STREAM_DENSITY_INCREMENTS` environment variables

Reviewer 2: also the `RENDER_MODE`

Reviewer 2: also the `DEVICE` env

Author: I noticed not all environment variables can be added to docker-run.sh script, I think these 3 should be fine. can you suggest purpose description for each and add them into #225

Reviewer 2: could you do a draft descript first, and i can help you to edit it

Author: worked on other PR #228

| -----------------------| ------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | STREAM_DENSITY_MODE=1  | for starting single container stream density testing                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| STREAM_DENSITY_MODE=1  | for starting pipeline stream density testing                    |
```

| RENDER_MODE=1          | for displaying pipeline and overlay CV metadata                         |

> | LOW_POWER=1            | for using GPU usage only based pipeline for Core platforms              |

Reviewer 2: not sure this statement is true: is it only for Core platforms?

Author: I'm not sure neither, these descriptions are from get-options.sh existed in the repo. Maybe @brian-intel will know better.

Reviewer 2: hmm. maybe Xeon platform to have this too?

Reviewer 3: This was true for the DLStreamer pipelines. I think this will be reworked and possibly replaced with the performance_mode parameter https://github.com/intel-retail/automated-self-checkout/blob/main/benchmark-scripts/benchmark.sh#L16

Reviewer 2: are we resolving this yet? not totally sure

Author: @brian-intel should we create an issue to rework and replaced with performance_mode?

Reviewer 3: We should keep it as it is for now since the LOW_POWER setting isn't currently used in the dlstreamer pipelines

Reviewer 2: Hi @brian-intel
 the LOW_POWER env is being used when i search the code in multiple places and it seems to applies to both use cases... 
so i am not sure about the case that not being used in dlstreamer pipelines.... 
(**run_gst.sh** has this and also **yolov5s.sh underneath the dlstreamer/ folde**r has this too)

Author: after discussion, I have updated LOW_POWER description, @jim-wang-intel

| CPU_ONLY=1             | for overriding inference to be performed on CPU only                    |

More environment variables can be configured for advanced user in configs/dlstreamer/framework-pipelines/yolov5_pipeline/
    - yolov5-cpu.env for running pipeline in core system
    - yolov5-gpu.env for running pipeline in gpu or multi

> these 2 files currently holds the default values. The above table lists environment variables you may input along with the docker-run.sh, the environment variable input to docker-run.sh will overwrite the value set in yolov5-cpu.env or yolov5-gpu.env as input to pipeline run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these 2 files currently hold the default values. The above table lists environment variables you can input along with the docker-run.sh. The environment variable input to docker-run.sh will overwrite the value set in yolov5-cpu.env or yolov5-gpu.env as input to pipeline run.
```

> Here is an example how to apply environment variable when call docker-run.sh to run pipeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example on how to apply environment variables when calling docker-run.sh to run pipeline:
```

## EV support both workloads
Here is the list of environment variables support both dlstreamer and opencv-ovms workload:
- `RENDER_MODE`: for displaying pipeline and overlay CV metadata, value can be 1, 0.
- `LOW_POWER`: for using GPU usage only based pipeline for Core platforms, value can be 1, 0.
- `CPU_ONLY`: for overriding inference to be performed on CPU only, value can be 1, 0.
- `STREAM_DENSITY_MODE`: for starting pipeline stream density testing, value can be 1, 0.
- `STREAM_DENSITY_FPS`: for setting stream density target fps value, ex: 15.0.
- `STREAM_DENSITY_INCREMENTS`:for setting incrementing number of pipelines for running stream density, ex: 1.
- `AUTO_SCALE_FLEX_140`: allow workload to manage autoscaling, value can be 1, 0.
- `DEVICE`: for setting device to use for pipeline run, value can be "GPU", "CPU", "AUTO", "MULTI:GPU,CPU".
- `OCR_DEVICE`: optical character recognition device, value can be "CPU", "GPU".
- `PRE_PROCESS`: pre process command to add for inferencing, value can be "pre-process-backend=vaapi-surface-sharing", "pre-process-backend=vaapi-surface-sharing pre-process-config=VAAPI_FAST_SCALE_LOAD_FACTOR=1"

## Applying EV to Run Pipeline

> EV can be applied in two ways:
> 
>     1. as parameter input to docker-run.sh script
>     2. in the env files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
EV can be applied in two ways:

    1. as parameter input to docker-run.sh script
    2. in the env files
    
The input parameter will override the one in the env files if both are used
```
